Or write my students down the last lecture I don't know how in the world I saw this here then he says
we are not connected but actually we are connected.
The reason why this confused me is because we don't have no data here.
And the reason why we have no data is because we need to import our database.
Hello Edwin I'm going to leave this lecture here because this is a silly mistake and it could happen
to anybody out there.
So I'm just going to leave it in.
All right.
Don't laugh and just enjoy the course.
So let's get to it.
So let's go to our database.
All right.
And I'm going to go back here to return to my ask you all databases.
This is Go Daddy.
All right.
We're going to have to get out of here and go back to database.
So let me go to my SEE panel that's what I need to be.
I've got to put the screen to the side because I'm going to go to some personal information real quick.
All right.
So this is going to take me to the gateway right here to see panel and what I'm going to do here in
this panel is I'm going to go to BHB my admin.
All right go that he has application which is really cool.
Same something that we got you our local hosts in here.
If we go to databases and we check this is empty.
So there's no way this was going to work.
I was just saying things last the last lecture I need my coffee again.
So anyway I'm going to import right with this data selected and then I choose File.
And I go to my desktop and I already have the CMOS in there.
And the reason why these house numbers is because I don't or I it's part of this a couple times already
used to give to some of you out there.
All right open and click.
Go.
All right.
So it worked.
Now we've got to go back to where when.
Well whatever domain you're using and school called both Azlan cold's college enter.
Now this one but the folder where I have it.
All right.
So now we're getting some information.
It is connected.
We always were.
But now they is showing some information.
All right so now we're getting our data.
It would go to admin.
We can see some stuff here that does not work and will the war will fix that.
There's a couple of things again that he's now working they are now working 100 percent.
And don't worry.
But we are going to fix to fix it.
And this was the issues that I told you about since this was not meant to be to work on line.
We always we're going to have some issues and we need to fix them.
But anyway the great thing is that now you have your application on line.
Now you can play around with it on line.
And congratulations if you made it this far on the next lecture we're going to fix a couple of issues
and we're going to keep continue fixing stuff and learning more.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
It was a pleasure.
Thank you.